So far, we have seen how to pad the records from the sequel table using.
Now let's say we want to insert the record into the sequel table, so that's what we will see in this
lecture.
So for example, we want to insert a new record into the roundtable.
So for that, we will use the spring date ADP and obviously we will not write any native sequel query.
So to understand this, what we will do is that we will create the Post API and what details we need
to parse to create disciplined firstname lastname in email that we need to parse in our request mail
or in the format of Jason for our post dpa.
And we don't need to parse that reveals value.
Why?
Because this is Auto-enrolment Byte my sequence database.
OK, so these three fields value we need to parse in the request payload in the format of JSON for our
Post API.
So let's say the Post API inside our Struan controller.
So using the annotation at Borst mapping.
OK, so the Euphrates Slice create.
So this will return the newly created student, OK, let me do maximize.
Student create student.
The same class we will use to get the rigorous payload using the add request body, in addition.
Student.
Now from here, we will call the service.
OK, so let's go to one service, create another matter.
This will also retain the student object, create student.
And here.
We will get this object, OK, whatever, basically we are passing in the format of this and nobody
crisp bill or now using this repository.
OK.
All the meter seal.
And we need to pass the object of our entity Glass.
So here we go, and the glass is strewn.
OK, so pass it.
This one.
Now, let's go to this amateur.
So this is accepting the object of Entity Glass and returns is OK after inserting into the particular
square table, see, it's there was a given entity and returning the incidence of it, OK, so we can
return this one.
So this will insert the new record investment table and also will return the newly created record.
We need the idea for its value, right?
That is automatically generated by Michael database, OK.
So that also will be written by it.
So this we need to call from our controller.
Student surveys.
And passed the object.
Now we're all good with our EPA, so let's I don't know what spring would application until then.
Jump ball postmen, OK.
So this is our create EPA.
Gender, you are a student slash create, and this is a deep post, OK?
Copy this decision to save the dying body roll and select the JASON.
Say the first name is Peter.
Last name is Mark.
Do you any values OK, but don't provide it feels value, OK?
Now, call this EPA.
See, they got a successful response to the rocket, and this is just just it is OK, just now we inserted
personalities in our musical database, OK?
So let's created this table to verified.
See it equal to three.
This is automatically generated, OK?
Peter, Mark, Peter, D.M. dot com.
OK, now let's go to a Western service.
See, we just called it the sale meter and parcel of the object of A.D. glass.
That's it.
We haven't brought any negatives sequel committee.
We haven't redone any insert into video games or industry.
No.
We just have use it ISO provided by GPA.
That's it.
Jibia will do the work for us, and it will generate the natives equal greatly for us.
OK, we don't need to worry about it.
This is all you need to do.
Using the repository called Damasio Method and past the object of A.D. Glass.
And this will return the newly created record.
OK.
In our example, where ID equal to three?
So this is how you can insert the record into the sequel table using GP.
So that's all for now and will proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.